Questions for Jaswanth

Do you run the program within VS-Code?

I have used Pycharm , to run the service


How exactly do you run the program?

Install the packages from requirements.txt file

Why are requirements for some packages specified as a specific version, but others are >=

I have used some packages latest version , we use >= or == , it won't be an issue to install them 

What are feedback images?

Feedback images are , feedback given by users in the UI , whenever predictions goes wrong user can upload the image with their right classification , we store them in backend


Why did you choose the IVP model ?

I have used Siamese network and UMAP to classify the images , Still more data is needed to train the model. 
You can choose a different kind of models to classify them . As we got new multimodels developed by google and Open ai , you can try them to classify the images

What other models have you considered ?

I have tried VGG16 neural network , siamese , UMAP , and other neural network layers 


What is the next enhancement that you were planing to make to the program ?

More data is needed to Train the model 
As we got more number of Multimodels , these images need to be trained on them for better accuracy 


What is the most significant improvement that can be made to the program ?

As the images are in Tif format , Images need to be Resized and convert them to PNG of Jpg format properly to reduce data loss
We can use Googles Multimodels for it ( Please do some research on it )

Why did you choose the run the application on AWS rather than the Mac server?

I have used my own AWS account to run the program , But please deploy the application in AWS , so that we can expose REST API'S so that others can use the L=alication

What resources does your program use on the AWS server ?

No other resources , but you should integrate S3 bucket storage to store the images uploaded by the users in future

What are the login credentials of the AWS?

I don't have them

What is the host OS of the servers in the AWS ?

 --

Where are the Mongo database files stored?

Mongo is not a good idea to store the images , please use AWS S3 bucket 

What is the schema of the Mongo database ?

Not implemented
